Updates variables.md with secrets hierarchy info (#15519)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/variables.md

<div style={{marginTop: -20, display: 'block'}} />

> > ⚠️  Secrets set on the Expo website or through the EAS CLI will override any secrets set within your eas.json or app.config.js files. 

Reviewer: you don't set any secrets in eas.json or app.config.js. those are unencrypted env vars

Author: ![https://media.giphy.com/media/ggu8E0UeH7bINjvacc/giphy-downsized.gif](https://media.giphy.com/media/ggu8E0UeH7bINjvacc/giphy-downsized.gif)

Author: just updated, let me know if that works or if you want to see something different.

> > ⚠️  Secrets set on the Expo website or through the EAS CLI will override any env variables with the same name set within your eas.json or app.config.js files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️  Secrets set on the Expo website or through the EAS CLI will override any environment variables with the same name set within **eas.json**. 
```

not sure what the original intent was for including app.config.js, you should only set env vars in eas.json. you can read them in app.config.js if you want.

<div style={{marginTop: -20, display: 'block'}} />

### How are naming collisions between secrets and the `env` field in eas.json handled?

> A secret created on the Expo website or with `eas secret:create` will take precedence over an environment variables of the same name that is set through the `env` field in **eas.json**. For example, if you create a secret with name `MY_TOKEN` and value `secret` and also set `"env": { "MY_TOKEN": "public" }` in your **eas.json**, then `process.env.MY_TOKEN` on EAS Build will evaluate to `secret`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A secret created on the Expo website or with `eas secret:create` will take precedence over an environment variable of the same name that is set through the `env` field in **eas.json**. For example, if you create a secret with name `MY_TOKEN` and value `secret` and also set `"env": { "MY_TOKEN": "public" }` in your **eas.json**, then `process.env.MY_TOKEN` on EAS Build will evaluate to `secret`.
```
